To build Kojo from source, you need to do the following:

- Clone the Kojo Mercurial repo. This will give you a local Kojo source tree.
  Let's call the location of this tree $kojo 
  Note - the root of your source tree should be called kojo or Kojo. If it
  isn't, you will get a runtime exception when you build and then run Kojo.
  You will likely be bitten by this if you create a server-side clone of the
  Kojo repo on google-code, and then get a local copy of the clone.
  The default command suggested by google-code for getting a local copy gives
  your source root the same name as your server-side clone.

- Download and install Scala. This involves having scala on your path, and having
  SCALA_HOME pointing to your Scala install dir.
  The currently supported version of Scala is: Scala version 2.8.0.Beta1
  As additional beta and release canditate versions followed by the final version
  of Scala 2.8 are released, Kojo will be updated to support them.
  The above Scala version can be downloaded from: http://www.scala-lang.org/node/212/distributions

- Download and install Ant 1.7.1 or later.

- Download and install Netbeans 6.8. This step is required because Kojo is
  a Netbeans Platform application, and depends on Netbeans Platforms jars for
  things like Window-System and Code-Editor functionality.

- Install the Netbeans Scala Plugin (http://wiki.netbeans.org/Scala68v1).

  Note: if you're interested in doing any development on Kojo, Netbeans
  (with the Scala Plugin installed) is the only supported IDE at this time.
 
- Fire up Netbeans and open the Kojo project located at $kojo. This will update 
  the Kojo build scripts to point to your Netbeans location.
  
- Now you can build and run Kojo from within Netbeans, or you can go into $kojo
  and run 'ant build' to build Kojo, and then 'ant run' to run it.


Using more recent versions Scala
----------------------------------------------
The above build instructions should work just fine with a more recent Scala build
(than version 2.8.0.Beta1). If you get a newer version, you will need to update
the Scala library and compiler jars located at: $kojo/Scala-2.8/release/modules/ext

The one thing that might break with a newer scala build is - the tests
that depend on Scalacheck (because of potential binary incompatibility). In that
case you will need to get a corresponsingly new version of Scalacheck and put
it in: $kojo/ScalaCheck/release/modules/ext


Jars in the Repo!
-----------------
The Kojo Mercurial Repo includes all the jars needed to build/run Kojo (other than the
Netbeans Platform jars). The Kojo build process makes no attempt to intelligently
manage jars using something like Ivy. This is because development on Kojo started
with nightly builds of many of the core jar dependencies, and this would have been
a nightmare to manage with centralized jar repositories.
Given that development work on Kojo involves the downloading of a gazillion other
things anyway (because of the dependence on the Netbeans Platform), 'jars in the repo'
is probably not a big deal for the short to medium term.
